First Java Excercise

Throughout the course of this program never copy and paste! Copy and paste when
someone is paying you to code for them. Until then, type out everything to 
ensure successful learning!

As you code, you will inevitably run into errors. That's part of the learning
process for all developers. Write down those error statements and your solution 
to the error for a quick future reference and to help you avoid making that
same mistake again in the future, and to become a better programmer faster.
Do this everyday for every error that you receive.

Oftentimes in programming, moving fast is actually slow. (what do you suppose
    that means? Keep it in the back of your head as you progress through
    this program and you'll likely discover the answer).

To write your first Java progam open Git Bash and cd into your development folder.
$ touch MyFirstProgram.java
$ code MyFirstProgram.java
This will open Visual Studio. Begin.
The alternative method is to open Visual Studio directly, begin working and then save.

/*
  Anything inside here is a comment.
  The computer ignores anything here.
 */
 
 class MyFirstProgram {
     public static void main(String args[]) {
         System.out.println("I, JP Miller, am determined to become an Android Developer.");
         System.out.println("This is my first step toward achieving that goal.");
         System.out.println("Today is March 3, 2019.");
     }
 }
 
// Hello students. Remember, don't copy and paste! Not even from this file. 
// If you are receiving errors double check spelling and capitalization. 
// Computers are very obedient, they do whatever you tell them to and they
// have a hard time processing mistakes, even very minor ones like misspelled words.
 
 Once complete follow these instructions:
 
1. Save the file as MyFirstProgram.java
2. In the terminal, run 
   $ javac MyFirstProgram.java 
   to compile the file for java to run
3. Fix any typos or other mistakes that the compiler finds and repeat step 2.
4. In the terminal, execute 
   $ java MyFirstProgram
5. If errors are encountered check for typos. (Use tab for autocomplete)

What now?

1) Open MyFirstProgram.java and change the name to be your own name. This statement 
will mean more if you write it to yourself, after all.
2) Change the date to today's date so you have a record of when you began your 
journey into Android Development
3) If you'd like to write anything else to yourself add another System.out.println
statement and go for it!
